I thought that only those with an abundance
of mature knowledge and experience
did special metropolitan public witnessing.
I thought: ‘I can’t do it; I’m too young.’
Still, I decided to send in the application.
I received the invitation in the mail within a month.
I suddenly felt really insecure and afraid.
So I prayed to Jehovah, “I can’t do this yet.”
I thought I wouldn’t be able to participate
in this type of service feeling that way,
so I prayerfully did research
to find some material that would help me.
I found an article about Moses.
It was an article that stressed
that even if we think
we aren’t able to carry out an assignment,
with Jehovah’s power we can.
I also heard a talk that used Jeremiah 20:7.
I was encouraged when he said,
“Even though you might feel you can’t do something,
if Jehovah gives you the power to do it,
then you can do it.”
Actually, Jehovah saw my potential
and gave me the courage to perform this service,
even though I thought it was beyond my ability.
I am being shown
time and time again that Jehovah draws people
who are sincerely interested
in the Bible to the carts.
I’ve even experienced helping people
make a request
for a Bible study by using my smartphone.
I’m really able to grow, thanks to this ministry,
and gain more joy from Jehovah
than I ever thought possible.